[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is a video on two laptops
the ACS GL five five three and the ACS
GL seven five three both have been
updated with the Intel seventh
generation chips
so the KB Lake HQ processors as well as
the GTX 1050 and GTX 1050 TI video cards
both of them are pretty similar this is
a 15-inch model this is a 17 inch model
so the design of these laptops are a mix
between the older red and black devices
like the five five two and seven five
SKU but they've been updated with this
bright orange accent so it's got the
aluminum top panel brushed finish with
these orange accents when it's in use
the backlighting kicks in and gives a
little pop their brights I mean it's
basically neon orange but I personally
prefer this look over the old one I was
getting tired of the red and black look
the rest of it is made with plastic
materials even the bottom panel but it's
well-made and if I remember how the 5 5
q + 7 5 2 felt this feels better
everything is a tighter fit and there's
just less material flex overall even the
screens feel more rigid the hinge is a
little stiff I can't open it with one
hand but the overall build quality feels
really solid the port selection is good
on the 15-inch lots of USB ports
including a type C but it's not done
about three
there's also audio Ethernet and an HDMI
port the 17-inch model has an extra USB
and a mini DisplayPort and then both of
them have SD readers up front and if
you've noticed obstacle drives on the
side now optical drives obviously aren't
for everyone but if you need them these
laptops have them the headphone jack and
the right side use B ports are both
located towards the front so when you
have peripherals plugged in it feels a
little bit off at first like when you're
playing games the mouse cord is right
there and same with the headphone cord
but you get used to it on the inside we
have two RAM slots a two and a half inch
SATA Drive and an m2 SSD the one they
include is a SATA stick so speeds aren't
amazing but all these are upgradable the
battery as you can see is small we have
the same issues we've seen in older ACS
gaming laptops where by adding the
optical drive yes that's nice to have a
drive but you're taking up precious real
estate on the inside and consequently
the battery is smallest so in these
particular laptops the seven
model I'm getting around three hours of
battery-life on the 15 inch model we're
getting three and a half hours not
terrible but I wish the battery was a
little bit bigger the 15 and 17 inch
screens are both solid tendency panels
not touchscreen but they're bright and
have good contrast and viewing angles so
neither of my units had any kind of
backlight bleeding they're not juicing
panels and they're not particularly
color accurate but they're great for
playing games the keyboards are nice I
really like the layout it's actually one
of very few keyboards that have the
number pad on the right while keeping
the arrow keys properly spaced and
without weird placement of shift keys or
anything the key travel feels nice and
then new for this year both of these
keyboards have customizable RGB lighting
it's done through software and you can
adjust for zones not individually lit
but it's a nice addition lighting like
this is always fun to play with the
trackpad is very good windows precision
drivers there's no skipping around and
there's good gesture recognition the
surface is plastic not glass but has a
nice texture and it supports handwriting
recognition which is kannan II now it's
not something that I'd ever used but if
you have a character based language like
Japanese or something then yeah it can
pretty cool in terms of CPU performance
the KB Lake chip is about 10% faster on
benchmarks than the skylake 6700 HQ but
when I'm using it at work or browsing
the web I don't really notice that to be
an increase it's maybe a little bit
snappier but combined with the gtx 1050
or 1050 TI it's a pretty capable machine
for games for the GTX 1050 we're looking
at around a 20 to 25 percent increase in
performance over the 960 m on benchmarks
depending on the game you can either
increase graphics quality or just stay
at the same quality and get higher frame
rates I'm always about getting higher
frame rates so something like overwatch
on a gtx 960m even though i averaged 70
frames per second on high graphics at
1080p when there's a ton of stuff
happening it can drop to low 50s which I
find difficult to play on on the GTX
1050 I'm averaging around 90 frames per
second so when the flights get gnarly
I'm still above 60 frames per second the
1050 Ti is even higher it's pushing over
second on the same settings more
demanding games like Battlefield one
will hover around 45 frames per second
on high graphics 1080p and this is for
the GTX 1050 and another 1050 Ti it's
closer to around 55 frames per second
the extremely demanding games like
Witcher 3 are still not very playable in
these cards on high settings on medium
settings we're looking at 60 frames per
second on the 10 50 and 70 frames per
second on the 1050 Ti now if you're
looking to do VR it's kind of capable
but not really I'll be to a more
comprehensive video on that in the near
future so if you want to see that be
subscribed
the fans are controllable using the AC
software but if you set it on automatic
it's not too bad on idle but when it's
under load especially on the 1050 Ti
models they can get pretty loud there's
no significant CPU throttling during
benchmarks the fans do a respectable job
cooling it down but the exhaust area
gets pretty hot the speakers actually
sound quite different between the two
models the 17-inch ones
sound better there have better bass more
clarity but the 15-inch ones actually
get louder none of them are amazing
speakers but they're not bad alright so
with the GL 5 v 3 and the 7 v 3 you're
getting devices with an aluminum top
panel plastic pretty much everywhere
else but good build quality they both
start at $1,100 with a gtx 1050 but you
can configure them with a 1050 Ti and
extra storage for $1,300 the screens are
both 1080p panels bright and with good
contrast but they don't have good color
accuracy the keyboard is nice to type on
and the RGB lighting that they've
included this year is pretty cool the
trackpad is good actually think it's one
of the best trackpads of this price
point inside the KB Lake i7 and the GTX
1050 are a nice bump up from the
previous generation about 25% better
than 960m and it's another 25% for the
1050 Ti both configurations are properly
cooled the 16 gigs of ram and the to
serve drives are all easy to access and
up readable the 48 watt hour battery is
relatively small and despite the better
energy efficiency of a new cpus it still
only gets you three two maybe three and
a half hours of battery life but overall
I like what they're doing here
I definitely like these more than the 5
v 2 and the 7 v 2 from the previous
generation I mean those are nice but the
design language is feeling
but dated this is obviously being
refreshed I like the orange I like the
RGB keyboard and it's kind of like a mid
tier mid budget gaming laptop so that's
what you're looking for
take a look at these ones that's the end
of this video hope you guys liked it
sums that we did subs if you loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]